Now let's connect your communication skills to something your dealership cares deeply about,
Customer Satisfaction Index Scores or CSI. CSI measures customer satisfaction across five
dimensions. Service initiation, that's how easy it is to schedule. Service advisor,
the quality of that relationship. Service facility, the comfort and cleanliness.
Vehicle pickup, the ease and value of that process. And service quality, the actual work
performed and how it's communicated. Click on service quality to see why this dimension
matters most to you. Service quality represents 34% of the total CSI score. It's the largest single
factor and look at what drives it. Theuriness of your work, condition of the vehicle when
returned, quality of communication and updates and explanations and total time required.
You directly control all of these. Your technical work, yes. But also your communication.
How well do you explain what you found? How thoroughly do you update the service advisor?
How well do you document and writing all the work performed? How carefully do you ensure the vehicle
is returned in pristine condition? Here's why CSI matters beyond just metrics. It affects
dealership incentives and allocations from Porsche. Strong CSI creates opportunities for the entire
team, including better resources, training and support for you. Porsche consistently ranks at the
top in customer satisfaction studies. Your technical excellence is part of the reason.
Your professional communication is the other part. Both matter equally.